feat: add a section about manual migration of devices to the EU instance (#2015)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 301.Troubleshoot/10.Hosted-Mender-migration/docs.md

* From EU hosted Mender, deploy a new software update with a `mender.conf` containing only the new
server. This step is a formal clean-up and not urgent.

!!!!! It is possible to migrate devices to the EU hosted Mender without support assistance, 

> !!!!! however, this can be a high risk process and will be on your own responsability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!!! however, this can be a high risk process and will be on your own responsibility.
```

The devices will now be updating their configuration but still using the old hosted Mender (USA) to
commit the update and poll for further updates, because they orderly follow the server URLs found in

> the `Servers` field of the configuration file. This information not applies to the manual migration of devices, as the `TenantToken`will be different from the original one and the EU server will the only `ServerURL` available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `Servers` field of the configuration file. This information does not apply to the manual migration of devices, as the `TenantToken` will be different from the original one and the EU server will be the only `ServerURL` available.
```
